Updating information about emails (#91)
rladies/rladiesguide: content/organization/tech/accounts/index.en.md

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 

>    * Send an email (`email@rladies.org`) and a volunteer will set up your chapter email for you.  Please be patient, as these requests are currently being processed on a monthly basis.

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 

>    * In the email, please send the personal email addresses for you and your co-organisers if you would like chapter email to forward there.

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> ```

Author: ```suggestion

```

> Dear R-Ladies global team,

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> I'd like to request an email for the chapter R-Ladies Pawnee.

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> Here are the addresses that the email should forward to:

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> - Leslie Knope (leslie@knope.ok),

Author: ```suggestion

```

> - April Ludgate (april@ludgate.ok).

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> Thank you, best wishes

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

> ```

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

   

> * If you add new organizers to your team, please send an email to `email@rladies.org` to request that their personal email be added to the chapter email forwarding.  

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

   

> ```

Author: ```suggestion

```

> Dear R-Ladies global team,

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

   

> I'd like to request adding an email to the R-Ladies Pawnee chapter email forwarding: our new co-organizer Leslie Knope (leslie@knope.ok).

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
   

   

> Thank you, best wishes

Author: ```suggestion

```

> ```

Author: ```suggestion

```

## E-Mail

As of November 2022 R-Ladies email use a Google Workspace to manage emails accounts.  We provide chapters email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`) during the onboarding process. 

> _You don't need to do any request_. After the creation of your chapter account you will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_You do not need to request an email_, after the creation of your chapter account you will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with information about your chapter email.
```

adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the temporary password and instruction on how to create strong passwords.   

> The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chapter email address is the public facing email address for your community, 
```

> so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you and your co-organisers easily.
```

> email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply.  We recommend you put the chapter email in cc when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use your personal email address to reply., but we recommend you put the chapter email in cc when 
```

## E-Mail

* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
* Put the chapter email in cc when answering an email so that your co-organizers can see the answer.
* The idea with the chapter email address is that you can use this as a public facing email address for your community, so members or meetup hosts (a company or university) can get in touch with you easily without you having to list a personal email address publicly. Then you can use your personal email address to reply. 

> * To request a new chapter email:

Author: ```suggestion
* Your chapter will get a new email during the onboarding process. You don't need to do any request. You will get an email from R-Ladies Google Workspace with the amail adress, the temporary password, the link to login to your account for the first time and change the password and instruction about to create save and strong passwords. 
```

## E-Mail

> * You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`) which can be set up to forward to all the organisers of a chapter.  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to organizers and will have chapter emails only. 

Author: ```suggestion
* You can get a chapter email address (`yourcity@rladies.org`).  As of March 18, 2019, we are no longer issuing personal rladies.org emails (`yourname@rladies.org`) to chapters organizers and will have chapter emails only. 
```
